Downloaded from
YTS.MX
We knew early on that the kind of film
we were making with Coco
would be perfect performed live
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
where we could celebrate
not only the movie
but also all the amazing music
and the talented musicians and singers
that were a part of Coco.
(EVA LONGORIA SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
BRATT: (IN ENGLISH)
Welcome to the Hollywood Bowl!
I get to stand on stage all night
with this handsome man. Benjamin Bratt.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
-I'm lucky.
-Right back at you. Eva Longoria.
-Looking as lovely as ever
-(CHUCKLES)
We are honored to welcome you tonight
to celebrate our ancestors and our lineage
and one of the greatest successes
of a beautiful movie that depicts
one of our most beloved traditions.
Día de Muertos.
During Día de Muertos. we believe
the spirits of our ancestors will return
to be reunited with their families.
We create an ofrenda.
an altar. to honor our dead.
We place offerings there.
food and beverage for their long travels.
The four elements.
earth. wind. fire. and water.
are represented on the altar
which honors our dead with remembrance.
We are here to celebrate those
we have loved and lost.
And tonight. the Hollywood Bowl
will be transformed
into the Land of the Dead
for a magical presentation of Coco.
(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)
LONGORIA: Let's hear it for Carlos Rivera!
BRATT: Carlos Rivera!
(ORCHESTRA PLAYING)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
In the town of Santa Cecilia
The legend I'm about to tell you was born
Through the threshold of death
Went a dog and a boy named Miguel
It was with the magic from a guitar
He just played it
And travelled to the afterlife
He went looking for his grandfather's love
And he wasn't afraid to cross the gates
Amongst the dead he started to look
Where are you?
I came to find you
We owe ourselves a goodbye
I need to hug you
Here I am
And you'll see me shine
In every candle lit
Because death is life
It ignites lights in other places
Take us with you. Miguel!
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(CONTINUES SINGING IN SPANISH)
How I wish that those stories
Which are fantasy stories
Would come true
Like being able to speak
With the ones we lost
And are waiting for us
In the afterlife
Miguel. teach us not to forget
Here you are
I came to find you
I know there are no goodbyes
I will hug you again
Here I am
And you'll see me shine
In every candle lit
Because death is life
Miguel. take us to that dimension
Where death is only an illusion
I came to find you
Here you are
I know there are no goodbyes
Miguel came back and he found out
That only dies
What it's forgotten
(MUSIC STOPS)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(IN ENGLISH) Day of the Dead we get
from our Spanish and Mexican heritage.
From the Spaniards.
the religious side of it.
From the Aztecs. the ritual.
It is such a beautiful tradition
to celebrate. not only visually.
It's stunning with the colors.
the flowers. the costumes. the paint.
the makeup. and the singers.
It really is about love.
Felipe is a brilliant director.
His energy is infectious.
and from the very beginning.
he has been a huge fan of Coco
and has wanted to really do justice to it.
here on the stage at the Hollywood Bowl.
I talked to Felipe very early on
about how important it was for me.
for the show. here at the Hollywood Bowl.
to have the same level
of cultural authenticity and respect
that we gave to the film Coco.
(ORCHESTRA PLAYING)
(SINGING) Remember me
Though I have to say goodbye
Remember me
Don't let it make you cry
For even if I'm far away
I hold you in my heart
I sing a secret song to you
Each night we are apart
Remember me
Though I have to travel far
Each time you hear a sad guitar
Know that I'm with you
the only way that I can be
Until you're in my arms again
Remember me
(IN SPANISH) Though I have to say goodbye
Don't let it make you cry
For even if I'm far away
I hold you in my heart
I sing a secret song to you
Each night we are apart
BOTH: (SINGING IN ENGLISH)
Remember me
Though I have to travel far
Each time you hear a sad guitar
Know that I'm with you
the only way that I can be
Until you're in my arms again
Remember me
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
I'm from Spain. right?
But I moved to Mexico when I was 22.
and I started my career there.
and I learned about the Day of the Dead
and what it means to Mexicans.
and now. to me. it means a lot.
We get a chance to visit our deceased
and keep them alive in our memories.
(ORCHESTRA PLAYING)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(SINGING IN SPANISH) The night before last
I went to your house
I knocked on the lock three times
You are not a good lover
You are a heavy sleeper
Ay. sandunga
Sandunga. love is killing me
Sandunga. don't be ungrateful
Sandunga. I'd rather die
Ay. sandunga
Sandunga. mother. please
Sandunga. don't be ungrateful
Mother of my heart
Come on!
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(CONTINUES SINGING IN SPANISH)
At the Papaluapa's shore
I was bathing yesterday
You walked by the shore
And you wouldn't even look
Ay. sandunga
Sandunga. love is killing me
Sandunga. don't be ungrateful
Sandunga. I'd rather die
Ay. sandunga
Sandunga. mother. please
Sandunga. don't be ungrateful
Mother of my heart
-(MUSIC STOPS)
-(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(IN ENGLISH) Coco. to me. means so much
but most prominently.
the celebration of a culture
that deserves to be celebrated
and represented.
And also the theme of using music
to connect family
and celebrate your heritage.
(SINGING) Well. everyone knows Juanita
Her eyes each a different color
Her teeth stick out
and her chin goes in
And her...
Knuckles they drag on the floor
-Those aren't the words.
-There are children present.
(SINGING) Her hair is like a briar
She stands in a bow-legged stance
And if I weren't so ugly
She'd possibly give me a chance
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
When we looked for Anthony Gonzalez
who originally played the character
in the movie. his voice had changed.
So we got his younger brother.
Taking my brother's place
is such a great honor and pleasure.
I've never done this.
and it's such a dream come true
to be performing at the Hollywood Bowl
which is such a big stage.
And I'm just so excited
to be performing tonight.
(VOCALIZING)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(SINGING) What color is the sky?
Ay mi amor. ay mi amor
You tell me that it's red
Where should I put my shoes?
Ay mi amor. ay mi amor
You say put them on your head
You make me un poco loco
Un poqui-ti-ti-to loco
The way you keep me guessing
I'm nodding and I'm yes-ing
I'll count it as a blessing
That I'm only un poco loco
The loco that you make me
It is just un poco crazy
The sense that you're not making
The liberties you're taking
Leaves my cabeza shaking
You're just un poco loco
(WHOOPING)
Un poqui-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-to
loco
-(WHOOPING)
-(MUSIC STOPS)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
Remember me
Though I have to say goodbye
Don't let it make you cry
For even if I'm far away
I hold you in my heart
I sing a secret song to you
Each night we are apart
Remember me
Though I have to travel far
Each time you hear a sad guitar
Know that I'm with you
the only way that I can be
Until you're in my arms again
Remember me
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(ORCHESTRA PLAYING)
(SINGING) Señoras y señores.
buenas tardes. buenas noches
Buenas tardes. buenas noches
Señoritas y señores
To be here with you tonight
Brings me joy! Qué alegría
For this music is my language
And the world es mi familia
For this music is my lang--
-(YELPS)
-(AUDIENCE GASPS)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
I've always been obsessed with the idea
of a one-man-band.
to use one person
showcasing many different songs.
styles. and arrangements
and instrumentation by himself or herself
with various instruments in a circle.
So when I had the opportunity
to do that here at the Bowl. for Coco.
it seemed like a perfect fit.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
Magic moments? We call them Coco moments.
And we had so many in this project.
For example. when I chose the music
for the Frida dance.
I chose Danzón
because it is such a symbolic piece
in Mexico.
(ORCHESTRA PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
My duet in this performance
is La Llorona with Alanna.
Which is amazing because Alanna
did the original voice for the film.
So I'm pretty honored
to be performing with her.
Mamá Imelda is a combination
of all of my favorite aunts.
my Tía Lecha. my Tía Flora.
They always had red lipstick on
at 8:00 in the morning for breakfast time.
They were always dressed up in heels
and dresses even if they were...
even if they never left
the house that day.
And there was this regality to them.
and they loved their culture.
and they loved their family.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(SINGING IN SPANISH) Ay
Poor me. llorona
Llorona in sky blue
Ay. poor me. llorona
Even if it costs me my life. llorona
I'll never stop loving you
I climbed up
The highest pine tree. llorona
To see if I could spot you
Since the pine tree was soft. llorona
When he saw me crying
He cried with me
Ay. poor me. llorona. llorona
Llorona in sky blue
-Ay. poor me. llorona. llorona
-Llorona in sky blue
-Even if it costs me my life. llorona
-I'll never stop loving you
Even if it costs me my life. llorona
I'll never stop loving you
Ay. ay. ay
(GROANING)
(IN ENGLISH) Hey! Wait!
Sorry for that.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(SINGING) Say that I'm crazy
or call me a fool
But last night it seemed that
I dreamed about you
When I opened my mouth
what came out was a song
And you know every word
and we all sang along
To a melody played
on the strings of our souls
And a rhythm that rattled us
down to the bone
Our love for each other
will live on forever
In every beat of my proud corazón
Our love for each other
will live on forever
In every beat of my proud corazón
Ay mi familia
Oiga mi gente
Canten a coro
Let it be known
Our love for each other
will live on forever
In every beat of my proud corazón
Ay mi familia
Oiga mi gente
Canten a coro
Let it be known
Our love for each other
will live on forever
In every beat of my proud corazón
(MUSIC STOPS)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
This film celebrates.
unlike any other I've ever seen
or have ever participated in.
family and its traditions
and the values of what it means
to have a sense of belonging.
It's always hard when people pass on.
But what the film talks about is
one way you can stay connected
to those people that you loved.
who have made it over to the other side.
is to remember them.
the importance of remembrance.
But then it goes through the journey
of Miguel going to the afterlife
or the afterworld
and trying to find his grandfather.
at the same time.
telling this really heartfelt story
about how important it is
to remember and honor our legacy.
(SINGING) Remember me
Though I have to say goodbye
Remember me
Don't let it make you cry
For even though I'm far away
I hold you in my heart
I sing a secret song to you
Each night we are apart
Remember me
Though I have to travel far
Each time you hear a sad guitar
Know that I'm with you
the only way that I can be
Until you're in my arms again
Remember me
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
Let our song never stop beating
-Without your love I cannot live
-Remember me
Let our song never stop beating
Without your love I cannot live
-If I'm alive in your mind
-Remember me
I give you my dreams
I hold you in my heart
And with you I'll always be
United by our song
By your side I'll always be
When you think you are alone
My song will hold you in its arms
Even if we drift apart
You should never forget
That I'll always be by your side
Remember me
(IN ENGLISH) If you close your eyes
And let the music play
Keep our love alive. I'll never fade away
If you close your eyes
And let the music play
Keep our love alive. I'll never fade away
If you close your eyes
And let the music play
Keep our love alive. I'll never fade away
(IN SPANISH) You know the song!
(IN ENGLISH)
Remember me. for I will soon be gone
Remember me
And let the love we have live on
And know that I'm with you
the only way that I can be
So until you're in my arms again
-Remember me
Remember me
The importance of Coco is beyond belief
because I was privileged enough
to voice Papa Rivera in the movie.
I play Miguel's dad in the movie.
So I worked very closely with Lee Unkrich
and Adrian Molina.
What they did
to really play homage to our culture.
to the celebration of Día de Muertos.
was insane.
They flew to Mexico and they went
to these celebrations in Morelia.
in Guanajuato. in Patzcuaro.
and they really. really
learned the culture.
So when you see Coco.
you actually see my culture
depicted very accurately
of what the reality is
when we celebrate this beautiful holiday.
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
All alone la bikina walks by
People start to talk
They say she is in pain
And pain makes her cry
Haughty. beautiful and proud
She doesn't want their pity
She walks by flaunting her royal grandeur
She walks by. she looks at them
But never really sees
La bikina
She feels sorrow and pain
She has never found love
Haughty. beautiful and proud
She doesn't want their pity
They say that someone
Has come and gone away
They say she spends her nights
Crying for him
Mariachi Divas!
(CONTINUES SINGING IN SPANISH)
Haughty. beautiful and proud
She doesn't want their pity
They say that someone
Has come and gone away
They say she spends her nights
Crying for him
La bikina
She feels sorrow and pain
She has never found love
Haughty. beautiful and proud
She doesn't want their pity
They say that someone
Has come and gone away
They say she spends her nights
Crying for him
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
Coco is a film that’s all about music
and it celebrates music
but there actually aren't many songs
in the movie.
So when we were trying to figure out
how to mount the movie live
at the Hollywood Bowl.
one of the things
that the director Felipe brought
was the idea of including a lot of songs
that weren't actually in the film.
So I decided to include
some Mexican iconic songs
that were already in the soundtrack
for Latin America.
What it all adds up into
is a beautiful celebration.
not only of Coco.
but of Mexican music and Mexican culture.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
Ay. caray. caray
My land is so beautiful
It's beautiful
It's so beautiful
Ay. caray. caray
My land is so beautiful
It's beautiful
It's so beautiful
God made a sarape stitched with sun
And from the sky
He made a charro hat
Then he made
The spurs out of moon and stars
And that's how he dressed my land
Ay. caray. caray
My land is so beautiful
It's beautiful
It's so beautiful
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
Kiss me
Fill me with kisses
As if tonight
Was our last night
Kiss me
Fill me with kisses
For I'm afraid I might lose you
Lose you later on
Kiss me
Fill me with kisses
As if tonight
Was our last
Night
Kiss me
Fill me with kisses
For I'm afraid I might lose you
Lose you later on
I want to be really close to you
Look into your eyes
Have you by my side
Imagine that maybe tomorrow
I might be far. far away from here
Kiss me
Fill me with kisses
As if tonight
Was our last night
Kiss me
Fill me with kisses
For I'm afraid I might lose you
Lose you later on
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
It's so beautiful to fly
At 2:00 in the morning
Ay. mamá
Go up and drop down
Into the arms of a lady
I could even cry
Ay. mamá
The witch catches me
And takes me to her house
She turns me into a flower pot
And also a pumpkin
The witch catches me
And takes me to the hill
She turns me into a flower pot
And also a pumpkin
Tell me. tell me. you tell me
How many creatures
Have you taken yesterday?
None. none. none. I know
My real intentions are to take you
Ay. I was spooked by a woman
In the middle of the salty sea
I was spooked by a woman
Ay. mamá
Because I refused to believe
The story I was told
The top half was a woman
The bottom half was a fish
Ay. mamá
The witch catches me
And takes me to her house
She turns me into a flower pot
And also a pumpkin
The witch catches me
And takes me to the hill
She turns me into a flower pot
And also a pumpkin
Tell me. tell me. you tell me
How many creatures
Have you taken yesterday?
None. none. none. I know
My real intentions are to take you
(AUDIENCE CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
(IN SPANISH) Go. Mexico!
(SINGING IN SPANISH)
The voice of my guitar
At the break of dawn
Wants to sing its happiness
To my Mexican land
I sing to its volcanoes
To its meadows and flowers
That are like lucky charms
From my greatest love
Beautiful and beloved Mexico
If I die far away from you
Let them say that I'm asleep
And let them bring me back here
Beautiful and beloved Mexico
If I die far away
-If I die far away from you
-Let them say that I'm asleep
-And let them bring me back here
-Beautiful and beloved Mexico
-If I die far away
-From you
(WHOOPS)
(IN SPANISH) Come on! Get up!
-Sing and don't cry
-Because singing. my darling
-Is what brings happiness to a heart
(IN SPANISH)
Let's see how you sing tonight!
(CONTINUES SINGING)
From the dark hill. my darling
Are coming down
A pair of dark eyes
My darling. worthy of keeping
That beauty mark that you have
My darling. right by your mouth
Ay
Don't share it with anyone
My darling. because it's mine
(IN SPANISH) Let's hear you!
ALL: (SINGING) Ay. ay. ay. ay
Sing and don't cry
Because singing. my darling
Is what brings happiness to a heart
Ay. ay. ay. ay
Sing and don't cry
Because singing. my darling
Is what brings happiness
-To a heart
-(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(SPEAKING IN SPANISH)
(UPBEAT SPANISH SONG PLAYING)